what is your role in project
what is exception
create a custom exception
what in thread
how to implments threads and how many types
what is diffrence between save and persist method
difference between string buffer and string builder. String pool constrant concept? and why address uses same memory location?
difference between get and post method
do you know database which one is you used
what is the purpose of embeded container
@generated value annotation 
@Controller
@autowired
@requestControllerr
what is hibernate 
WAP for find a number from string
where you used multithreading in your project
what is the purpose of inner classes
where you used in your project
what is enum 
which datatype is used assign to password
which java version is used 
what is the feature of java 1.8. where you used feature in your project.?
What is concurrent collections in Spring boot? Difference between Collection and Collections?
What is 12 factor principle in microservice?
What is ITSM (IT service management)? What role plays by pivotal cloud foundry (pcf), PagerDuty, Zenduty?
What is normalization in database. define each normalization process.?
What is Space Complexity (Memory used by code) and Time Complexity (execution time taken). And how to check that of code.
Interning of String in Java? intern()?
What was the issue till Java 7. And what got improved in Java 8?
What is effect - The table rows will be physically arranged on basis employee id on basis of primary index this is what is does.
What we achieve with Singleton in java? Eager initialization of Singleton?
Volatile keyword in java?
Difference between ArrayList and LinkedList.?
Threads in Java? Difference between run and start() in threading?
Stream 3 types:
1. Input
2. Intermediate
3. Collection

No sorting
variable=l1.stream.sort.Collect

3 reasons concurrent collections:
1. Data Safety 
2. Synchronization
3. 

Fail fast vs fail safe ---- 

Question 1 : How will you simulate concurrent modification through stream API ?
Question 2 : How many thread will open for parallel stream and how parallel stream internally works ?
Question 3 : How does Executor make or check , number of threads are active or dead , in other word what is internal working of thread pool executor ?
Question 4 : Kindly give brief idea about JAVA memory model.
Question 5 : What are the changes of pegmen in JDK 8. (PermGen and Meta)?
Question 6 : What is the difference between normal REST service and Restful WS (Web Service)?
Question 7 : What are the different types of Http methods and their differences ?
Question 8 : What is DDOS(denial of service ) attack and how will we prevent from this in our Applications ?
Question 9 : What is Method Reference and Functional Interface ? Functional Interface? Property of functional interface.
Question 10 : Please define Overridden rules for default/static method in java 8.
Question 11 : Questions Related to JAVA Design Patterns mainly
Creational Design Patters
i) Singleton
ii) Builder
iii)Factory
iv) Prototype

Structural Design Patterns
i) Adaptor
ii) Bridge
iii)Proxy
iv) Decorator

Behavioral Design Patterns
i) Chain of Responsibility
ii) Observer
iii) Strategy

Question 12 : How will you secure your API’s ?
Question 13 : Please give brief description about hashcode() and equals() ? follow up question will be if 1 is overridden and another not vice versa in the reference of customized object while using map?
Question 14 : Internal Working of HashMap and HashSet?
Question 15 : How will you enable cache in spring boot microservices project , or what all annotation you can use to implement the same ?
Question 16 : Please describe , how Kafka works and what is consumer groups while using Kafka ?
Question 17 : Please tell us about what all design patterns you have used to design your microservices application ? Mainly
i) Circuit Breaker
ii) SAGA
iii) CQRS
iv) Two phase commit

Question 18 : what is database sharding ?
Question 19 : Difference between (RDMS) SQL and No SQL ?
Question 20 : What is apache spark ? use of apache spark with spring boot application ?
Question 21 : What is traceId and span Id in spring boot microservice application and what is use of these id’s ?
Question 22 : what is webflux and mono in spring boot ?
Question 23 : How will you create custom immutable class ? follow up question can be as String is immutable class can you prove that with some code snippet ?
Question 24 : What are the time/space complexities for collection classes and name their internal underline data structure?
Question 25 : What all concurrent collection class have you used in your application and what improvement has been done in collection classes from Java 8 onwards ?
Question 26 : What all improvement for IO in java 8 ?
Question 27 : How will enable and disable auto configuration in spring boot ?
Question 28 : What is use of actuator and how will you customized the same ?
Question 29 : How will you create custom annotation ?
Question 30 : What & why do we use Kubernetes and tell me about its cluster , Node , POD etc. ?
Question 31 : What will you use for Application Resilience ?
Question 32 : If any data base table has name , id column then please write a query to find even rows ?
Question 33 : Name of algorithm use by Arrays.sort(..) and Collections.sort(..)
Question 34 : Why do we use serialVersionUID ?
Question 35 : How can you prevent cyclic dependency in spring ?
Question 36 : Is this possiable to decrease the size of a docker image ?
Question 37 : How can we break singleton class ? what is single object creation strategy ?
Question 38 : What is deep and shallow cloning and give the use of Cloanable interface ?
Question 39 : Why do we use builder design pattern rather not to choose use constructor base object creation ?
Question 40 : How will you make two ambiguity URL working in spring boot without changing the http method type and no change will be accepted in URL as well ?
Question 41 : What is your application deployment structure ?
Question 42 : Describe the use of CompletableFuture ?
Question 43 : Use of String.join(….) in java 8?
Question 44: Opinionated Approach framework? How Spring boot is Opinionated Approach framework?

Code Problem:
1. A string has a=1, b=2, c=3 and total length of string is 10 and you shift each word by 2nd location then what new word form. example: bca [length=3]
2. Give how many times a character come in a word. ex: aabccdeeffgg...... answer: a=2, b=1, c=2, etc
3. 		  Arrays.stream(s.split("")).collect(Collectors.groupingBy(e->e,
		  Collectors.counting())) .entrySet().stream().filter(e->e.getValue() >= 2)
		  .forEach(e-> System.out.println(e.getKey() + " " + e.getValue()));
		 
		

		  Map<String, Long> collect = Arrays.stream(s.split("")).collect(Collectors.groupingBy(e->e,
		  Collectors.counting()));
		  
		  System.out.println(collect);
		  
		  HashMap<Object, Object> hashMap = new HashMap<Object, Object>();
		  hashMap.put("STATUS_OUT", "SUCCESS");
		  hashMap.put("RESPONSE_OUT", collect);
		  System.out.println(hashMap);
4. Take away words, string, special characters in each seperate arrays from a string.

1. Tell me about your roles in project? --- Gitbucket, Low level design, planning, Done unit testing, 
2. Why you are looking for job change. --- timming issue
3. Challenging part in your professional career --- Get requirement from BA and screen planning. In middle of that the requirement. Work on weekends.
4. Now we start technical interview
5. Difference between JDK, JRE and JVM.
6. Difference between = and == 
7. What is the purpose of Hash Code.
8. Difference between list and set.
9. Difference between LinkedList and ArrayList.
10. What is the meaning of finally block.
11. What is the need for collection introduced in java. like: Create Object, Play Object. Developer faced issue before collection?
12. What is fast fill and past set.?
13. Explain features of Java 8.
14. Can you explain functional interface?
15. Different types of commands in SQL. Explain them?
16. Why truncate is DDL statement.
17. Difference between inner join and left join? How we decide which join we have to use.
18. Two tables customers and order. How we can get details of customer who has placed the orders. ---- F
19. What is normalization? --- Till what Normalization you have used.
20. Difference between where and having conditions ---
21. Know about microservices ---
22. What is Circuit Breaker Pattern ---
23. API gateway and discovery server? --- 
24. Liferay - Plugin
25. FHIR Google Cloud --- HR Client Module --- Google Cloud for security purpose.
26. Twilio for video processing. --- Whatsapp or OTP
27. ROLE BASED --- 

Java is not fully Object Oriented Programming
Wrapper class help us to create object. Java only supports Single and Multi-Level.
How java multi-level inheritance.
callable and runnable interface -- Runnable not returns but callable returns. 
5 types of interface.
Educator framework pool
Executor Framework pool
Application Context types?
Inversion of Control?
Configure and WinOd annotation
BeanFactory design pattern
Benefits of ORM -- Route collection and drivers, dialect, URL.
Composition, Agreegation and Specification 
Difference between WebService and MicroService?


Access Modifiers -- Y
Why String are immutable --- Thread Sabbatle Form --- because of main class.
What is purpose of HashCode --- N
Explain why java is not 100% object oriented
Difference between check and uncheck --- Y
Check exception is compile time or run-time -- Y
Difference between throw and throws --- Y
Difference between HashMap and TreeMap --- Y
Difference between Comparator and Comparable --- N
Difference between NullPointerException and ClassNotFoundException
Difference between thread and runnable?
What is deadlock and how we can avoid it?
Oracle EPX -- Finance HR Module

Role in the project ---
Integrated Paypal, Paytm and 
Redis -- NoSQL database -- Key value pair
Reduce the caching mechanism 

Golden Source EDM -- Product for ETL process.
Cogbee is a virtual interviewing platform that offers AI-driven assessments and expert-led interviews. It helps recruiters and hiring managers identify the best candidates for their organization. 
