Private AI
- opencloud claude bot

Machine discover the rules itself

Attention is everything -- Concept of Transformers -- Read the data parallely.

The Secret Formula --- The Library Analogy
--- Attention(Q, K, V) = softmax (QK) / root dx * V
K - key
V - value
Q - query 

Index to get most important information extract and provide

How super alino is effecting india?

Multi-Head Attention :

Talent Turin -- Famous for tunning machine. Father of compuation and programming.
Deep Luke and Gary Cosporof -- Chess Program
Introduction of Attention 
Introduction of chatgpt

Agentic AI -- High level task -- It will figure what to do.

The MAN Behind NEAR
-- ELab -- A Ukrainian kid who got obsessed with AI in 2001. Coauthor of Attention is everything

A payment problem become a blockchain --- NEAR Blockchain

Blockchain is decentralized ledger. It is immutable. Possible because of cryptography.

The Agent Revolution
-- Watch an agent work for you.

AI agents with wallets are dangerous.

AI with blockchain ---

Blockchain wallet with AI rulebook.
-- BKC search based pricing

What is Finality in blockchain --- confirmation of doing transaction.
Confirmation vs Finalization --- Until forks on chain. Finalize means your transaction cannot alter.
Canonical chain ---
Mechanism of slashing in blockchain --

Un-responsive blockchain -- 

Your AI. Your rules. On-chain
-- User Owned AI Agents
-- NEAR AI Hub -- similar to huggingface
-- Chain Signatures

Spending Cap of Blockchain
DeepFI protocol

Monard Blockchain --- 

Encryption covers two of three states. One as always left exposed.

Bitlocker -- Incryption at Risk (AES-256), In Transit (TLS 1.3), In Use Processing (decryption in RAM)

A TEE is an encrypted vault -- Inside the CPU Itself.
-- TDX -- [Trust Domain Extensions]

Remote Attestation:
The Verification check -- Valid <==> Verify(pk validity, pie, H) = 1 ^ H = Hypothetical

What TEEs protect -- and what they don't

NEAR AI's Confidential GPU Marketplace
NVIDIA H100 + TEE = Confidential

IronClaw runs inside the TEE. That changes everything.
Alternative flavour of OpenClaw and Clawbot
IronClawIronClaw is Framework which we used to build agents. Rust framework. Stronger compile time grauntee.

The CLAW SUITE:
The History of AI Agents
ELIZA - MIT
ChatGpt - ReAct Framework
AutoGPT & Baby (AG) go viral
Agent framework Mature

OpenClaw: How a Side Project moved the Entire Industry
IronClaw: Secure AI Agents built in Rust -- Multi Agent channel processing. Prompt Injection. WASM Sandbox.

Agents That Think in Parellel -- Job State Machine
Skills : Context-Activated Intelligence
Persistent Memory:
Machine-to-machine markets: Going to be idealist future.

NEAR LEGION: A community of NEAR ecosystems
Build. Grow. Earn. Near Tokens.
ArQ (MontaQ Labs) -- 
